---
title: Aimly
datePublished: "2023-04-30"
section: works
category: dev
excerpt: placeholder...
coverImage: "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77861258/235347050-97d329c8-7747-4443-a4bb-352bace4eb5d.png"

---

I joined Aimly’s engineering team in 2022 as their first frontend engineer and helped lay the foundations for the company’s platform, both in terms of tangible features and architetural standards and practices on the frontend.

## Features

I was fortunate enough to have joined the development team as their first frontend engineer. Together with our product manager, fullstack engineer, backend engineeer, and DevOps engineer, we laid the foundations for Aimly’s website. As such, it was critical for us to communicate, coordinate, and be as agile as possible to execute effectively.

Due to our team’s size, it comes to no surprise that the level of responsibility for each was significant. A few of my key deliverables include:

- Event Creation Flow
- Shopping Cart Logic
- Event Date Time Logic Across Timezones
- Emoji Encryption and Decryption
- Establishing Cypress Tests and Integration with CI Pipeline

In addition, I led the development of the home page, from discovery to research, coordination and execution.

## Establishing Standards and Best Practices

Perhaps my most meaningful contributions to Aimly were the foundational standards and practices being applied across the frontend codebase. The contribution that has impacted all client-facing pages and components is the CSS Style Guide, being consistently referenced, revisited, and revised as the codebase as scaled in size and complexity.

A few core principles that were taken into account include:

- Which CSS methodologies to prioritize and reasoning for said decisions
- Emphasizing the importance of a central theme file for storing global values
- How to incorporate standards and practices in relation to our chosen UI component library
